---
title: "home"
bg: white
color: black
style: center
---

# Data Science Problem Solvers
{: .text-purple}

Tbonzer is able to provide analytically informed **recommendations**,
**predictions**, and **benchmarking**. We provide consulting services that are
capable of solving  your organization's data problems. Our unique process
partners Tbonzer team members with domain specific experts to  turn your data
into value rich insights. We are able to create and host data products or
provide them to you for hosting. Tbonzer team members have had experience with
datasets ranging from a few kilobytes to those requiring a Hadoop environment
with a multi-node computing cluster. We are familiar with structured,
semi-structured, and unstructured data. Our team members have demonstrated
experience within industries such as Defense, Government, Nonprofit, and
Academia. We are primarily based out of the Boston area.


## As Our Client
{: .text-purple}
As our client, Tbonzer will guarantee you that we will provide discretion,
clear communication, and a quality experience. Our discretion means that
Tbonzer team members will keep your association with us confidential. We do not
advertise our associations with clients or their data products. We gain new
business as a result of repeat clients and satisfied clients recommending us to
their friends. Clear communication is guaranteed to ensure that the data
product we provide will meet or exceed your expectations. Our guarantee of a
quality experience means that you will be treated fairly, we will not cut
corners, and we will put your needs first.

